README.md, before:

### Quotes
## By: Belinda Ntinyari


This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.3.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

add the README file details

README.md, after:

### Quotes

## By: Belinda Ntinyari

## Description
This project was generated with Angular CLI version 13.3.1. Its a web app for creating/adding quotes by filling a form with deatails of the author, the publisher and the quote. 

## Functionalities
Upvote/Downvote
Show Details/Hide Details
Delete quote
Generate new quote

## Development server
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding
Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build
Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests
Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests
Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Technologies Used 
HTML
CSS
JavaScript
Typescript

## Further help
To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

## LICENSE
Copyright (c) Belinda Ntinyari - MIT Licence
